All right. Now let's go ahead and check out the solution for streaming PCD.
So back here in the workspace then,
I'm just going to make those changes that the classroom was talking about.
So that first thing was an environment.cpp,
I want to make the city block function have those additional arguments.
So I'll go ahead and include those.
So now I have the additional arguments for
that point processor that I'm passing in so we don't have
to create it every single time inside the function,
and then I'm also passing in this in point Cloud.
So now, I'm not going to create
this point processor inside the function that's just being passed in.
I don't have to worry about loading up that Cloud.
So that'll just come in from the function as well.
Here, I'm not going to use
that recommendation in classroom for doing that constant reference or,
I guess I could but,
really I want to then create a new point Cloud,
if I'm going to be doing that.
But, here I'll just go ahead and I'll just keep
reassigning in point Cloud. I think I'll be fine.
So down here, in main,
I'll just make those other changes.
So I'm not going to be calling the city block function from here anymore.
Instead, I'm going to go ahead and I'll be calling inside this frame update loop.
Then what I'm doing here is I'm going to go ahead and create that point processors.
Call it point processor I because it's dealing with intensity,
point Clouds, sure, and I'm creating it on the stack.
So that means every time I'm using a function I'm using the dot,
and if I was on the heap I'd be using the arrow operator.
Then I'm going to go ahead and create that stream.
So point processorI.streamPCD, and that is looking at the folder data one,
with our city block data.
Then I am creating this iterator.
So streamIterator and I start from the beginning.
Then I'm creating this placeholder for my cloud.
Then inside this while viewer has not stopped,
I'm going to go ahead and viewer remove all point clouds,
viewer remove all shapes.
So it's nice and clean, to start out with.
Then I'm going to go ahead and set up this pointcloudI,
and so I just load that PCD,
go ahead and dereference this stream iterator.
That'll be containing that path then I convert it to a string.
I'm all set for loading up that PCD.
Then I just call city block,
with that pointprocessorI that was created up here.
Then that input point cloud that I just loaded up.
Then go ahead and increment the stream iterator,
if it ever hits the end,
go ahead and reset it back to the beginning.
Then I should be all good for that.
Right now, I'm processing everything.
So I'm going through filtering,
I'm going through segmentation,
I'm going through clustering,
and then rendering all those so I can see what that looks like,
if I didn't want to see what that looks like I can just render
point cloud by itself and command all this out.
I guess I could go through both.
But let's go ahead and compile and see what it looks
like now when we're doing obstacle detection frame by frame.
Okay. Environment, right, it's actually pretty fast. It's nice.
Cool. So, it's interesting and it looks like maybe we're
just seeing the side of the wall here,
or maybe that have to like see it in
full view just to see what this object is right here.
But, I don't believe that's a vehicle.
Yeah. It's probably just going out a little bit too far,
and it's thinking that's like a part truck or something,
but I think it's probably just part of the wall.
So, that's happening over here too.
So some things they could do to play around with that are,
you could actually change the crop box region that you're looking at.
Or you can look at its dimensions here
and you can start filtering based on them, the bounding box.
So basically we see that the width of it is like
very small so maybe you're not concerned with an object like that,
or the box has to be some dimensions in order to be considered.
So, those are some things to think about.
It looks like we are grabbing that pole right here.
But it's coming in and coming out.
So you see that it's a certain frames are grabbing it and some frames are not,
so we'll talk about that here in a little bit for tracking.
But yeah, cool. So here's the results and we
just set these hyperparameters up on the fly,
and these are something, some hype,
you play with the hyperparameters,
you experiment with them and see what really works out well,
and you can keep iterating on it
until you get results that you're happy with and you're saying, "Yeah.
I know all of these are consistent.
All of these are vehicles.
All of these are obstacles."
Those are some things to look at.
Here's this final result and this is where maybe
those hyperparameters are more polished and you
get the scene that you expect from cars and you consistently see this pole over here.
So, you can play with those hyperparameters until you get something that looks like this.